2024-05-09 19:00

Status: 

Tags: 

# Fictional Scene

Jackson crashes down as he is swept away from the overwhelming jungle. Lost without a trace of an idea of what to do he dawdles around waiting for someone to tell him his next move. Looking around him is nothing but the lush, unwelcoming forest with its colossal trees and the dark bewildering grass around him. Jackson tired of standing, made a seat out of a uncomfortable rock wishing he could spawn in one of those king sized mattresses from the store. The pain slowly intruding upon his thoughts brought him back to reality. "I need to find a way back home" Jackson thought as he found himself slowly sinking from the rock and into the grass. Once he felt the grass a wave of relief crashed over Jackson as he found a make do sofa for him to lay around in. He sprawled out over the grass like a dog with the exhaustion fading from his body as he laid there with nothing but ecstasy on his mind. Jackson began to feel mosquitoes and other insects crawling over him, his legs felt each of their tentacles touch his skin with them claiming his body's nutrients as their own. Jackson paid them no mind as he continued to ignore his body's warning signs in pursuit of his own tranquility. He begins to writhe in discomfort, his stomach growling after lack of food in hours, Jackson begins to slither around his oversized body in a lackadaisical fashion blindly searching for anything edible. His hands grasping at the air in hunt for any nutrients he could find, finally after what felt like hours of scavenging he finds himself some berries. In delights he wolfs them down immediately and returns back to his pitiful sanctuary grass patch. He finds his eyes slowly closing as his weariness from today's hunt overwhelming and begins falling asleep. 

Jackson awakes to the sun setting and irritation loudly blaring through his head, looking around for the source of his discomfort he hears his stomach groaning loudly. "Shit those berries weren't safe to eat were they?"  Jackson asked realizing he found himself upon deaths door. Looking around for any chance of survival he spots an opening through the vast jungle. He quickly begins crawling his way in attempt to find any possible assistance he could receive. His skin feels like it was burning from the friction of every pebble and stick he brushed up against. Finally reaching the end of the forest he felt his strength depleted. With his final moments he forced his head up, he sat there in shock as his eyes were met with a building, squinting with the last of his ability he recognized the building. Jackson with his final moments had laid his eyes upon his house.